docs/README.md, before:

# MarroClient

Frontend of Marro web app. The first place to get pricing solutions for creative endevours 🔥

## Homepage

<img width="1508" alt="Screenshot 2024-01-03 at 9 52 27 pm" src="https://github.com/carlkarama/MarroWebClient/assets/48504139/34cf78b6-6f7a-4711-b12c-21ec5a9dcc0e">


### Usecase

Marro is born out of an idea that creative services should have a standadized pricing strategy.
Marro uses the old adage of do you want it good or fast or cheap. This philosophy allows creatives to quickly
come up with a standard price for their services.


### Features
- Choose pricing strategy depending on budgets
- View range of pricing services
- Download pdf of pricing for each individual job (Premium)

### Initial Demography

Currently Marro serves videographers and spits out a daily rate that should allow them to cater to their services.
A long term approach would be to create pricing strategies for numerous creative fields.


### How to use

On the web UI, select 2 variables you want to consider when coming up with a price. We'll calibrate the price from the
backend using these variables and add a percentage margin of profit to the final price. The final price is the daily rate.

### How to run

1. Make sure to install npm i.e. version 10.2.3 or beyond

```Install npm```

2. Run startup script

```npm start```

3. Go to your browser and head to address http://localhost:3000/ to see your application.

Commit message:

docs: view list of services

docs/README.md, after:

# MarroClient

Frontend of Marro web app. The first place to get pricing solutions for creative endevours 🔥

## Homepage

<img width="1508" alt="Screenshot 2024-01-03 at 9 52 27 pm" src="https://github.com/carlkarama/MarroWebClient/assets/48504139/34cf78b6-6f7a-4711-b12c-21ec5a9dcc0e">


### Usecase

Marro is born out of an idea that creative services should have a standadized pricing strategy.
Marro uses the old adage of do you want it good or fast or cheap. This philosophy allows creatives to quickly
come up with a standard price for their services.


### Features
- Choose pricing strategy depending on budgets
- View range of pricing services
- Download pdf of pricing for each individual job (Premium)
- View list of services offered in comparison to other sites like indeed, seek and upwork

### Initial Demography

Currently Marro serves videographers and spits out a daily rate that should allow them to cater to their services.
A long term approach would be to create pricing strategies for numerous creative fields.


### How to use

On the web UI, select 2 variables you want to consider when coming up with a price. We'll calibrate the price from the
backend using these variables and add a percentage margin of profit to the final price. The final price is the daily rate.

### How to run

1. Make sure to install npm i.e. version 10.2.3 or beyond

```Install npm```

2. Run startup script

```npm start```

3. Go to your browser and head to address http://localhost:3000/ to see your application.
